2017-05-20
-Went over coding convention
-Configured github repos and forks
-Planned items for next meeting

2017-06-04
-Added an editGraphics method to change position/scale of graphics
-Worked on changeActivity method to minimize code repetition for button onClickListeners - this needs work
-Front end methods are implemented, should be able to have a completed front end by next meeting
-Planned items for next meeting

2017-06-18
-Did not actually meet
-Finished front end
-Planned tasks for back end

2017-07-15
-Met!
-Back end structure is done, now get working on developping it
-Firebase is working, now work on streamlining it


